1) Open the Desktop file explorer and double-click the file config.json so we can see the exact parameters for source, destination, and connection; keep this window open—we will copy from it repeatedly.  
2) Switch to the browser window that already shows the Airbyte UI.  
3) Click the link Sources in the dark-blue left sidebar.  
4) Type Postgres in the Search sources… box at the top right of the main panel; a tile labelled Postgres should appear.  
5) Click the Postgres tile to launch the “Create source” wizard.  
6) Type Source Postgres (CDC) in the Name field so we can recognise it later.  
7) Copy the host value from config.json → source.host and paste it into the Host field.  
8) Copy the port from config.json → source.port, paste it into Port.  
9) Copy the database name (should be postgres) from config.json → source.database, paste into Database.  
10) Copy the username from config.json → source.username, paste into Username.  
11) Copy the password from config.json → source.password, paste into Password.  
12) Select the SSL dropdown and choose the value shown in config.json → source.ssl_mode (e.g. prefer).  
13) Click the toggle Advanced (Optional) to reveal CDC settings.  
14) Select the checkbox Use CDC.  
15) In Replication Method choose Logical Replication (CDC).  
16) Copy the replication slot from config.json → source.cdc_replication_slot, paste into Replication slot.  
17) Copy the publication name from config.json → source.cdc_publication, paste into Publication.  
18) Copy the plugin name from config.json → source.cdc_plugin (typically pgoutput or wal2json), paste into Plugin.  
19) Click the button Set up source; wait until the green banner All tests passed appears—this confirms the source connector works.  
20) Click Destinations in the left sidebar.  
21) Type Postgres in the Search destinations… box; the Postgres tile will appear.  
22) Click the Postgres tile to start the destination wizard.  
23) Type Destination Postgres in the Name field.  
24) Copy host from config.json → destination.host, paste into Host.  
25) Copy port from config.json → destination.port, paste into Port.  
26) Copy database (again postgres) from config.json → destination.database, paste into Database.  
27) Copy username from config.json → destination.username, paste into Username.  
28) Click Optional fields to expand the hidden section, then copy password from config.json → destination.password, paste into Password.  
29) Select the SSL mode matching config.json → destination.ssl_mode.  
30) Click Set up destination and wait for the All tests passed confirmation.  
31) Click Connections in the sidebar.  
32) Click the blue button Create your first connection on the right side of the page.  
33) Under Define source click Select existing source, then choose Source Postgres (CDC) that we created.  
34) Under Define destination click Select existing destination, then choose Destination Postgres.  
35) In the Connection name box type Postgres-to-Postgres CDC Sync.  
36) Verify the namespace format dropdown is set to Source schema – this keeps schemas identical on target.  
37) Scroll to Replication frequency and choose “Manual” so we control the initial load explicitly.  
38) Ensure the Sync mode for every stream shows Incremental | Append + Dedup (the default when CDC is enabled).  
39) Expand the Additional settings accordion and confirm the Toggle “Use full refresh” is OFF (we want pure CDC).  
40) Scroll to the bottom and click Set up connection.  
41) When the connection overview page loads, click Sync now in the top-right status banner to launch the initial snapshot followed by real-time CDC; a job log drawer will open.  
42) Wait until the final line shows Succeeded – this confirms rows from the default postgres database were copied and CDC is active.  
43) Switch to the Postgres client (psql or your GUI) connected to the destination database and run a quick check:

```sql
SELECT COUNT(*) FROM information_schema.tables WHERE table_schema = 'public';
```

We should see the same table count as the source—proof that replication worked.  
44) Leave the Airbyte job in a Running (CDC) state so any new inserts, updates, or deletes on the source propagate automatically.