1. Click the plus-sign Add icon (➕) on the top-right toolbar of the Superset web page.  
2. Select the “Data” option in the drop-down menu that appears.  
3. Click “Upload CSV to database…” in the secondary fly-out menu.  
4. In the “CSV to Database configuration” modal, click the “Choose File” button.  
5. Switch to the file-picker window that opens, click “Home” in the left sidebar, then double-click the file ​tutorial_flights.csv​ located in /home/user.  
6. Click the “Select” (or “Open”) button in the file-picker to return to the configuration modal with the file attached.  
7. In the “Table Name” text box, type exactly:  
   tutorial_flights  
8. Click the “Database” drop-down and choose the target database named ​MyDatabase​.  
9. Click the collapsed “File Settings” accordion to expand advanced options.  
10. Locate the “Columns To Be Parsed as Dates” input field and type:  
    Travel Date  
    (Note that Superset will convert this column to the DATE type on load.)  
11. Leave delimiter, header row, and encoding at their default values unless you know they differ for this file.  
12. Click the green “Save” button at the bottom-right of the modal to start the upload.  
13. Wait until the toast notification in the bottom-left corner shows “CSV Uploaded” with a green success icon—this confirms the table tutorial_flights has been created in MyDatabase.  
14. Click “Data” in the main navigation bar, then choose “Datasets” to verify the new dataset appears in the list; you should see a row titled ​tutorial_flights (MyDatabase)​.  
15. Click the dataset name tutorial_flights, then press the blue “Explore” button; confirm that the column ​Travel Date​ displays the calendar date icon next to its name, indicating Superset recognizes it as a DATE field.  
16. Optionally, switch to the “SQL Lab” > “SQL Editor,” select ​MyDatabase​, and run:  
```sql
SELECT "Travel Date", COUNT(*) AS flights
FROM tutorial_flights
GROUP BY 1
ORDER BY 1
LIMIT 5;
```  
   to confirm queries execute successfully against the new table.  
17. Review the results grid; if no errors appear and dates aggregate correctly, the task is complete.