1. Open your web browser and go to https://console.cloud.google.com/bigquery so we land in the BigQuery console.  
2. Click the project drop-down (top-left just under the Google Cloud logo) and make sure you are inside the project that contains the Sample Database.  
3. In the Explorer panel on the left, click the ​▶​ triangle next to the project name to expand its datasets.  
4. Click the ​▶​ triangle next to sample_db (or the exact dataset name that holds the Orders table) so we can view its tables.  
5. Click the table orders to highlight it and then look at the Schema tab in the right-hand information panel; confirm there are fields named created_at (TIMESTAMP or DATETIME) and total (NUMERIC). We will use these two columns in our query.  
6. Click the blue +Compose Query button (upper-right of the console toolbar) to open a new blank SQL editor tab.  
7. Type or paste the following SQL query into the editor:  

```sql
-- Sum of Total by month for the Orders table
SELECT
  DATE_TRUNC(created_at, MONTH) AS order_month,
  SUM(total) AS sum_total
FROM
  `sample_db.orders`
GROUP BY
  order_month
ORDER BY
  order_month;
```  

Note that DATE_TRUNC groups every order into the first day of its month; ordering lets the chart connect the points chronologically.  
8. Click the ► Run button in the query toolbar to execute the SQL. Wait until the green check mark and timing information appear.  
9. Verify in the Query results pane that we see two columns: order_month and sum_total.  
10. In the same Query results pane, click the Explore data button (small compass icon) and choose Explore with chart. A Chart Builder panel appears at the bottom.  
11. Inside the Chart Builder panel, click the Chart type dropdown and select Line.  
12. Drag order_month from the Available fields list to the X-axis bucket.  
13. Drag sum_total to the Y-axis bucket; aggregation is already SUM, matching the query. Now the basic line chart appears.  
14. Click the Customize tab (paint-roller icon) in the Chart Builder to adjust styling.  
15. Scroll to “Goal line” (or “Reference line” depending on UI version) and click +Add goal line.  
16. Type 40000 in the Value box, press Enter, and optionally change the line color or label (“Goal = 40K”).  
17. Still under Customize, scroll down to “Trend line”, tick the checkbox Add trend line, and leave the default Linear option so BigQuery overlays a regression line on the series.  
18. Review the preview; the chart should show monthly sums, a horizontal goal line at 40 000, and a slanted trend line.  
19. Click the Download button (down-arrow icon) in the top-right corner of the chart preview and choose PNG. BigQuery immediately generates and downloads a file named something like chart.png to your browser’s default download folder.  
20. Open your operating system’s file manager and navigate to the Downloads folder.  
21. Rename the newly downloaded file to line_chart.png (right-click → Rename).  
22. Drag or move the file line_chart.png to the Desktop folder so it is easily accessible.  

The line chart with monthly order totals, a 40 000 goal line, and a trend line is now saved on your Desktop as "line_chart.png".