1) Click the “Explorer” left-hand panel to make sure your current GCP project (e.g. my-project-123) is visible and expanded.  
2) Hover over the project name and click the vertical-ellipsis (︙) icon, then click “Create dataset”.  
3) Type RANKINGS in the Dataset ID field.  
4) Leave “Location type” on “Multi-region” (or the default) and keep all other settings as is.  
5) Click the blue “Create dataset” button – BigQuery now shows a new node my-project-123.RANKINGS in the Explorer.

6) Click the RANKINGS node to highlight it; you should see an empty panel that reads “This dataset has no tables”.

7) Click the blue “Create table” button in the right-hand pane. (We are switching to the Create table screen.)

8) In the “Source” section, click “Browse” next to the “Select file from your device” field, navigate to Desktop, choose the .csv file, and click “Open”.  
   • Confirm “File format” automatically shows “CSV”.

9) Tick the checkbox “Auto detect” under “Schema” so BigQuery infers column data types for us.

10) In the “Destination” section:  
    a) Verify “Project” is still my-project-123.  
    b) Verify “Dataset” shows RANKINGS.  
    c) Type university_rankings in the “Table name” box.  
    d) Leave “Table type” as “Native table”.

11) Expand “Advanced options” below “Schema”.  
    a) Ensure “Header rows to skip” is set to 0 (BigQuery reads the first row for headers).  
    b) Confirm “Field delimiter” is a comma (,).  
    c) Confirm “Quote” and “Escape” characters remain default.  
    Note: BigQuery automatically converts spaces and hyphens in header names to underscores, satisfying the whitespace/hyphen replacement rule.

12) Click the blue “Create table” button at the bottom. BigQuery uploads the CSV and begins the load job.

13) Wait until the green banner “Load job completed” appears. Then click “Go to table” in the banner.

14) Verify:  
    a) In the Schema tab, ensure all column names reflect underscore substitutions (e.g., “World_Rank”, “University_Name”).  
    b) Confirm each column’s data type (STRING, INTEGER, FLOAT, etc.) was auto-detected.  
    c) In the Preview tab, confirm rows look correct and there are no header rows duplicated in the data.

15) Optional: Run a quick query to double-check row count:  
```sql
SELECT COUNT(*) AS total_rows
FROM `my-project-123.RANKINGS.university_rankings`;
```  
    Click “Run” and verify the count matches the expected number of lines (total lines in the CSV minus the header).

16) You have successfully created the RANKINGS dataset and loaded the university_rankings table from the local CSV with auto-detected schema and standardized column names.