1) Open your web browser and Navigate to the Airbyte UI where the Faker ➜ CSV connection is already listed.  
2) Click the left-hand menu item “Connections” so we can see every configured stream.  
3) Locate the row that shows Source “Sample Data (Faker)” and Destination “Local CSV”.  
4) Click directly on the connection name (it is a blue hyperlink) to open the Connection Settings page.  
5) In the top-right corner of this page, Click the grey “Edit connection” button.  
6) Scroll down to the “Schedule” panel; you will see the current setting is probably “Manual” or an interval (e.g., every 24 h).  
7) Click the radio button “Cron” to unlock the cron expression input field.  
8) Type the following cron expression into the text box so it triggers once every day at 18:00:  
```text
0 18 * * *
```  
   Note that the order is “minute hour day-of-month month day-of-week”. We set minute=0, hour=18, everything else as wildcards.  
9) Verify the small helper text under the field now reads “Every day at 06:00 PM”. This confirms Airbyte has parsed the cron correctly.  
10) Leave the optional “Timezone” dropdown at its default (usually your browser’s local timezone). If you need UTC instead, select “UTC” explicitly.  
11) Scroll to the bottom of the page and Click the blue “Save changes” button.  
12) Wait for the green toast popup “Connection updated successfully” to appear on the lower-right corner; this is our immediate confirmation.  
13) Click the back-arrow icon beside the connection name to return to the Connections list.  
14) In the “Last sync” column for this connection, you should now see text reading “Scheduled • Cron (0 18 * * *)”, confirming that the job is picked up by the Airbyte scheduler.  
15) Optionally Click the kebab menu (three vertical dots) on that row and choose “Sync now” to run one manual job—this verifies the pipeline still succeeds after the schedule change.  
16) After the manual run finishes, Check the status badge shows “SUCCEEDED” and the “Last sync” timestamp updates. This proves the connection remains healthy and will automatically run at 18:00 each subsequent day.