1) Scroll to the worksheet that contains your main data table (it should already be formatted as an Excel Table named “sales”; we will use that name in the formula).  
2) Click any cell inside the table to activate Table Tools and confirm the “Table Name” box (top-left of the Ribbon) reads sales.  
3) Right-click the header of the column immediately to the right of the Discount column and choose “Insert” ➔ “Table Column to the Right”.  
4) Type Revenue in the new header cell and press Enter so the entire column adopts the name.  
5) Click the first blank cell in the new Revenue column (row 2 if row 1 is your header).  
6) Type the structured-reference formula below and press Enter:  
```excel
=[@Quantity]*([@[Retail Price]]-[@Discount])
```  
   • Note that the table automatically copies this formula to every row; we can see downward blue corner markers confirming the fill.  
7) Verify a couple of rows manually: click any Revenue cell and check that the value equals Quantity × (Retail Price – Discount).  
8) Press Ctrl+S (or Cmd+S on Mac) to save the workbook so far.

9) Click any cell inside the sales table again—this ensures the Insert PivotTable dialog will automatically point to the table range.  
10) Navigate to Ribbon ➔ Insert tab ➔ “PivotTable” button.  
11) In the “Create PivotTable” dialog, ensure “Select a table or range” shows sales and choose “New Worksheet”.  
12) Type Sheet2 in the “Worksheet name” box at the bottom (or, if your Excel version lacks that box, we will rename the sheet next) and click OK.  
13) If Excel created the sheet with a generic name (e.g., “Sheet1 (2)” or “Sheet3”), double-click its tab and rename it Sheet2, then press Enter.

14) Within the PivotTable Fields panel, drag Website into the Rows area.  
15) Drag Transaction ID (or any unique field such as Order #) into the Values area; Excel defaults to “Count of Transaction ID”.  
16) Drag Item (or Product) into the Filters area.  
17) Click the filter dropdown that just appeared above the pivot table, un-check “(Select All)”, tick only Boomerang, and click OK.  
   • Now the pivot table shows the count of Boomerang transactions for each Website.

18) Quickly sanity-check: compare the grand total in the pivot with a manual COUNTIFS on the main table (optional but recommended).

19) With any cell inside the pivot selected, navigate to Ribbon ➔ Insert tab ➔ “Bar Chart” ➔ choose “Clustered Bar”.  
20) Excel inserts a chart; it may overlap the pivot table—drag it below or beside the table so both are visible.  
21) While the chart is selected, go to Chart Design ➔ “Add Chart Element” ➔ “Chart Title” ➔ “Above Chart”.  
22) Click directly in the title box, type Sales frequency by website, and press Enter.  
23) Still on Chart Design, click “Add Chart Element” ➔ “Legend” ➔ “None” to remove the legend.  
24) Confirm the vertical axis lists website names and the horizontal axis shows counts; adjust bar colors if desired using Format tab.

25) Click outside the chart to deselect it, then press Ctrl+S to save the completed work.

26) Optional verification:  
    a) Switch back to the original data sheet, apply a filter for Item = Boomerang, and build a quick pivot or SUBTOTAL to ensure the counts match those in Sheet2.  
    b) Return to Sheet2; if numbers differ, refresh by right-clicking inside the pivot table and choosing “Refresh”.

27) Congratulations—we now have a Revenue calculation column, a pivot summarizing Boomerang sales frequency by website, and a clean bar chart titled “Sales frequency by website” with no legends.