1. Open a new browser tab and Navigate to console.cloud.google.com/bigquery to load the BigQuery Web UI.  
2. Click the hamburger icon (three horizontal lines) in the upper–left corner if the Explorer panel is not visible, so we can see the list of projects and datasets.  
3. Scroll in the Explorer panel and Click the triangle ▸ to the left of your current project name to expand its datasets.  
4. Click the triangle ▸ next to the customer_orders dataset to reveal its tables.  
5. Click orders so the right-side information panel shows the table schema; verify the columns we will export.  
6. Click the + Compose Query button (white sheet with a SQL icon) at the top of the BigQuery toolbar to open a blank query editor tab.  
7. Write the simple SELECT statement below to grab every row—this is what we will pipe into Google Sheets:  
```sql
SELECT *
FROM `project-id.customer_orders.orders`;
```  
Replace project-id with the actual GCP project ID if it is not the default one already shown in the Explorer.  
8. Click the blue ► Run button in the editor’s header to execute the query. Wait until the green check mark and “Query complete” message appear.  
9. Confirm the results: we can see the total row count and the preview grid under the Query results panel.  
10. Click the SAVE RESULTS button (top-right corner of the Query results panel) and then Click Google Sheets in the drop-down.  
11. In the “Save results to Google Sheets” dialog, Select the option Create new spreadsheet.  
12. Type Orders_Export in the Spreadsheet name box so it is easy to recognize later.  
13. Click the Choose a different folder link (folder icon) in the lower-left of the same dialog, then in the Drive picker Double-click the spider001 folder to open it, and finally Click Select to save the sheet into that folder.  
14. Click Save to start the export; BigQuery shows a snackbar notification with a link to “Open in Google Sheets”.  
15. Click the Open in Google Sheets link; a new tab opens displaying the freshly created Orders_Export sheet populated with the query data.  
16. In the new Google Sheets tab, Click the green Share button in the upper-right corner.  
17. Click the “General access” drop-down and Choose Anyone with the link.  
18. Ensure the permission is set to Viewer (we do not want accidental edits).  
19. Click Copy link if you need to distribute it, then Click Done to apply the public-access setting.  
20. Switch back to the BigQuery tab; note that the sheet URL is permanently linked in the Job History panel—this makes future refreshes or scheduled queries possible.  
21. (Optional) Click the floppy-disk icon in the query editor toolbar and Type Export_Orders_to_Sheets as the saved query name, so you or teammates can rerun and overwrite the Google Sheet later.  
22. You have now connected customer_orders.orders to a Google Sheet inside the spider001 folder and configured the sheet so anyone with the link can access it.