1. Click the plus-sign button labeled “New” in the Metabase top-right toolbar.  
2. Select “Question” from the dropdown panel. (Metabase opens the question builder.)

3. Click the “SQL” tab (left of the editor) so we can write a native query.  
4. Copy the entire contents of the already opened file question1.sql, then paste it into the white SQL editor pane.  
   ```sql
   -- question1.sql  
   -- (Paste exactly what you see in the file here.  This is the query that will power our question.)
   SELECT *
   FROM my_table           -- replace with the real table name if needed
   LIMIT 10;
   ```
   Note: Replace the example table name with the actual table referenced in question1.sql if different.

5. Click the blue “Run” button (triangle ▶︎ icon) in the upper-right of the editor to execute the query.  
6. Verify that you see a result grid with at least one row—this confirms the SQL ran successfully.

7. Click the “Save” button (disk icon) beside Run.  
8. Type question1 into the “Name this question” field.  
9. Choose the appropriate collection/folder (e.g., “Our analytics” or “Personal Collection”) in the location dropdown so you can find it later.  
10. Click “Save” to persist the question.

11. Click the Metabase logo (top-left) to return to the home screen.  
12. Click “New” again and pick “Dashboard.”  
13. Type New Dashboard in the “Name your dashboard” textbox.  
14. Click “Create” to open an empty dashboard canvas.

15. Click the “Add to dashboard” button (large blue plus sign in the center or top-right).  
16. In the “Add existing” search box, start typing question1, then click the resulting card labeled “question1.”  
17. Press the “Add” button (bottom of the modal) to place the question on the canvas.

18. Drag the corner handles if you want to resize the tile; then click “Done” (top-right) to exit layout mode.  
19. Confirm you can see a tile titled “question1” showing the query results—this validates the addition.

20. Click the floppy-disk “Save” icon on the dashboard header. Metabase saves both the layout and name “New Dashboard.”

21. Reload the page (press the browser refresh arrow) to double-check: the dashboard opens and still displays the “question1” tile with data.